README.md, before:

# PlayJava


## Projects : 

#Java8Examples -> () Java-8 changes explained with examples.

#mousePointerMovement -> () for movement of mouse poiner based on java code.                  

#duaDbProject -> () for intigrating two different database in one project.                                      

#exception-framework -> () Exception Handling Framework. Create a custom exception and handle the exception when thrown.                                      

#Item and Price Service -> () Get the data of price using RestTemplate made in itemService and the price is provided by the RestController made in PriceService.

#itemService -> () a service to get the price of an item using RestTemplate. The url is provided by priceService application.         

#many-to-many-demo -> () many to many relationship in jpa

#priceService -> () a spring boot application which exposes a service to provide the price of an item.

#springBootEmbeddedUsingMongoDB -> () spring boot using mongodb to show the mapping in model classes.         

#springBootWithMongoDB -> () spring boot with mongoDb (CRUD example).

#transactionPractice -> () for transaction practice in spring.

#login-mvc & register-mvc -> () login and registration using microservice

Commit message:

readMe file commit for project to inject prototype bean in a singleton

README.md, after:

# PlayJava


## Projects : 

#Java8Examples -> () Java-8 changes explained with examples.

#mousePointerMovement -> () for movement of mouse poiner based on java code.                  

#duaDbProject -> () for intigrating two different database in one project.                                      

#exception-framework -> () Exception Handling Framework. Create a custom exception and handle the exception when thrown.                                      

#Item and Price Service -> () Get the data of price using RestTemplate made in itemService and the price is provided by the RestController made in PriceService.

#itemService -> () a service to get the price of an item using RestTemplate. The url is provided by priceService application.         

#many-to-many-demo -> () many to many relationship in jpa

#priceService -> () a spring boot application which exposes a service to provide the price of an item.

#singleton-prototype -> () a demo to inject prototype bean in a singleton in spring

#springBootEmbeddedUsingMongoDB -> () spring boot using mongodb to show the mapping in model classes.         

#springBootWithMongoDB -> () spring boot with mongoDb (CRUD example).

#transactionPractice -> () for transaction practice in spring.

#login-mvc & register-mvc -> () login and registration using microservice
